Add segment page (#229)
mintlify/docs: integrations/analytics/segment.mdx

---
title: "Segment"
---

> Add the following to your `mint.json` file to send analytics to Segment.

Reviewer: might be nice to specify the "write key", which is how segment refers to it

```suggestion
Add your write key to your `mint.json` file to send analytics to Segment.
```
